# CPT113-Hackathon-2_Game
**GROUP 27:**
1. AINA' ZAWANI BINTI ZAIDAN (163719)
2. KHAIRIN AIMI BINTI MOHD ASHRI (164719)

# Chain It Long!
## Game Description
Chain It Long! is a 3 player game where it starts off with one player that needs to come up with a word from a random letter (existing in the English dictionary). 

Then, the next player will have to create another word from the last letter of the previous player.

There will be 3 rounds in the game. At the end of the game, the amount of words that the player entered and the length of the words will be taken into account to determine the winner. 

If you are able to come up with more words and the longer they are, then YOU are the WINNER!! So, put on your thinking caps, turn your brain gears on, and create words!

## Game Features


## Game Rules
1. The three players key in their name.
2. Once, the game starts, a random letter is generated by the game.
3. Player 1 will have to create a word from the given letter.
4. Now, it's Player 2's turn, he/she will have to create a word from the last letter of Player 1's word.
5. Player 3 will then repeat step 4.
6. Step 3-5 is repeated until 3 rounds are done.
7. The game will then calculate each playes' scores.
8. The more words created by a player and the longer they are, the higher a player's score.

## Object-Oriented Concepts
1. Classes --> The blueprint or template for game objects is defined by classes. In this instance, our programme contains the class called `DynamicQueue` that stores the words keyed in by the players.

2. Objects --> Classes have instances that are objects. To represent specific game participants, for instance, you might make objects of the `DynamicQueue` class. There would be individual states and habits  for every object.

## Usage of Linked Lists/Stacks/Queues
In 'Chain It Long', there is the use of queue.

1. DynamicQueue
   _ this queue allows 

## Game Constraints
1. No English words dictionary for validation --> unable to verify if the word input by the player is valid.
2. 
## Game Screenshots
## Game Demo Video
